Let's try to use some logs on the UserController class.
Now, the first thing that I would do for that is I would get
the Maven dependencies that are needed for SLR 4G.
So let me just look for that.
Okay. Now I see a lot of
these dependencies and the one that I'm going to use is this one which is
SLF4G 12 Binding and I'm going to use this one since it has more usages.
I just copied it and I'm going to paste that in my pom.
So here's my dependency and I'm going to remove the scope from test so that it can be
used in the other classes as well and is not confined to just the test class.
Now let's try to add some logs into the UserController class.
First, we'll start with identifying a place where I can add some logs.
So before I do that,
let me get the object which is log and I'll check out all the options that are available.
So you can see all the different levels of
logging available under the object and which is debug,
error, info, and trace as well worn.
So this info is something that you would use a lot in your application.
This is like your eyes and ears for the application.
So let's say that I want to print the get username so
that every time username is set into the user object I know what is that value.
So I'm going to create a log line and let me
move it to here so that I can see what's going on here.
I would say get user request.
Okay. I'm going to say something in simple English,
User name set with this value,
because that's what happened at line 53.
Great. So this is how we added one info logline into the application.
So when this application runs,
every time this particular piece of code is encountered,
this line of code with the value for get username is going to be printed.
So you would know what was the username set at every single time, createUser was called.
Now that's how you would add logging to
the e-commerce application that we created together.
Feel free to add as many logs as you think you want to
add into the application and start to look at the log files.